
Tclutil, Generic Tcl/Tk and C++ Utilities and Classes
-----------------------------------------------------

The Tclutil package was created by gathering generic Tcl, Itcl and C++
code from various applications into a single, general purpose, utility
package, that can be loaded dynamically into a running Tcl application
or linked in at compile time as a general purpose library.

The package contains a collection of useful Itcl and C++ utility
classes. It also provides a shell script (TclutilConfig.sh), which is
created by the configure script and makes it easier to write configure
scripts for other packages by providing configuration information,
such as the locations and names of all the Tcl extensions and
libraries. The development environment here includes C++, Itcl, TclX,
BLT and optionally other packages that can be linked in statically or
dynamically as needed.

--------------------------------------------
Contact: Allan Brighton (abrighto@eso.org)
         ESO - European Southern Observatory
--------------------------------------------

For installation instructions, see the file INSTALL in this directory.

See the CHANGES file in this directory for a list of recent changes.

Once everything has been compiled, the compiled "wish" application can
be started as follows:

	% cd $SRCDIR/tclutil/demos
	% tclutil.sh

Or, for the installed version:
	
	% $INSTALLDIR/bin/tclutil
	
This module provides a library and not an application, so the above
commands only start the "wish" application with the environment needed
to use the library.

Note that if you want to run the demo from a machine other than the
one you compiled it on, you may need to set the TCLUTIL_LIBRARY
environment variable so that the necessary Tcl source files can be
found at run time:

	% setenv TCLUTIL_LIBRARY $INSTALLDIR/lib/tclutil

For more information, please refer to the postscript documentation,
which can be retrieved via anon ftp from:

   ftp://ftp.archive.eso.org/pub/skycat/doc

The sources for the man pages can be found in the source tree under
the "man" directories.

Contents of this Release
------------------------

tclutil			- top level TCLUTIL directory,
                          contains the configure script, Makefile and related 
	                  scripts and information (README and INSTALL files)

  tclutil		- Contains Tcl related C++ and itcl classes

    man                 - man pages

    src			- C++ sources
    include	         

    bin			- holds tclutil_wish binary

    library		- Tcl/Tk files and Itcl widget classes

    demos		- demo wish startup script
    bitmaps		- bitmaps used in user interface widgets

  util                  - C++ utility classes (not Tcl related)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
